feat: use new top level wash commands (#101)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: blog/better-together-building-efficient-microservices-in-kubernetes-with-webassembly.md

Let’s set up the example `echo` actor to get things running. We’ll need to create several providers and actors, then wire them up with link definitions. First start the actors and providers [with the current latest versions](https://github.com/wasmCloud/capability-providers#first-party-capability-providers):

```shell
wash start provider wasmcloud.azurecr.io/applier:0.3.0
wash start provider wasmcloud.azurecr.io/nats_messaging:0.17.0
wash start provider wasmcloud.azurecr.io/httpserver:0.17.0
wash start actor wasmcloud.azurecr.io/service_applier:0.3.0
wash start actor wasmcloud.azurecr.io/echo:0.3.8
```
:::info

> Previous guides used `wash ctl start` which is deprecated and will be replaced by `wash start` in a future version

Reviewer: Same comment everywhere. The "will be replaced by wash start" kinda sounds like `wash start` isn't available yet, but the code snippets show that it is

```suggestion
Previous guides used `wash ctl start`, which is now deprecated and will be removed in a future version
```

Author: - [x] fix wording on deprecation
